

<NAME/>, just wanted to recap a couple of things going on.  If something comes up tomorrow,
	please don't hesitate to page me.  We can visit Monday about finalizing the presentations
	on the TW Customer meeting.  Thanks. <NAME/>

	1.  Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - <NAME/> Bodnar is building based on the
	     existing requirements

	2.  Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and <NAME/> are working with <NAME/> McCarren
	     to ensure all departments (Marketing, Legal, Regulatory, Gas Logistics) have the
	     same procedural understanding

	3.  TW Customer Meeting - Met with <NAME/> today and everything is in order except for
	     you and I deciding who is presenting which topics.

	4.  Enduser Measurement issue and MidAm measurement issue - <NAME/> <NAME/>
	     <NAME/>, <NAME/> Darveaux and <NAME/> Semin are putting together recommendation.
	     <NAME/> and I are working with <NAME/>.

	5.  Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok - <NAME/> Bodnar/<NAME/> Greaney
	     are working with <NAME/>, <NAME/> and Transok. Purchase for three days (Nov. 2, 3, 4) for a
	     total of 50,000 mmbtu.

	6.  EDI Confirmations with the ElPaso Pipes - <NAME/> Draemer 

	7.  Aberdeen allocations - <NAME/> and I have been working with <NAME/> <NAME/> and North team

	8.  LSP overrun issues - <NAME/> Bodnar/<NAME/> Miller/<NAME/> Johanson

	9.  TW possible tariff filing on imbalances in relation to constraint areas - Lindy Donohoe/Terry/Teb

	10. SLA Settlement - <NAME/> and I working with <NAME/> <NAME/> and <NAME/> McGowan

	11. Beaver Assets Sale - <NAME/> and I working with <NAME/> Stage and group

	12. Strangers Gas Review - I am working with <NAME/> Darveaux

	13.  Demarc Presentation to <NAME/> Power - I am working with <NAME/> Mercaldo (11/6/01)

	14. Presentation to Measurement group on Gas Logistics function - 11/14/01 I am presenting

	15. Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke
